we've all seen that listing the no low
ballers I know what I have guy only what
he had was a clue or Worse the ones who
know darn well what their junk is worth
but are just hoping that you don't and
thanks to companies like Intel there's a
lot of confusion out there by sticking
with that I3 I5 i7 naming scheme for 13
years they've created an environment
where the less informed consumer doesn't
know if they're getting a great deal on
still good leftover stock from last year
or if they're getting swindled on a
decade old Workhorse well our team
waited through listings from around the
world and With a Little Help from you
guys handpicked some of the worst
offenders to give these folks a little
reality check and for each one we're
going to vote on whether we think
they're a silly seller or a slippery
scammer and you guys are going to decide
if you think we're right and you can
decide if you want to listen to this
message from our sponsor oh vessie April
Showers are a thing in the past with
vessie storm burst shoes no you can't
actually control the weather when you
have them on so we're to burst or bubble
but at least your feet will stay dry get
15% off your first purchase at bessie.
Linus Tech tips today you guys ready I
haven't seen any of these yet number one
what the are you kidding me
$2,679 185 I thought we were supposed to
guess the price oh yeah no no you're
guessing what it's actually worth oh we
guess what it's actually worth this is
what they're asking for oh that's
actually funnier that is kind of funny
I'm going to have no idea cuz I don't
buy PC
parts what if they etsi here that's a
bone stock case all they did was remove
pieces this is a handmade computer Linus
all computers were handmade I mean did
they solder every pin onto the like CPU
socket if they did it might be worth
that much does it even have like the the
panels I was not able to determine that
actually What GPU is that it's not even
an 80 series card okay this is worth
like three grand I don't even think it's
worth that I was going to say 22 or 23
all right I'm going 2500 HDMI display
port cable not included I love how
that's like really important on a
$28,000 computer really it's a $20,000
cable prices right rules if you want
okay it does include Windows It also
says RGB fans times four and there's
clearly six of them so I don't know what
the they're talking about I don't think
it's 2K I think it's more than 2K but
then you guys are both sitting right up
in there 27 what I was able to find on
this was about 1,800 bucks I should have
gone with 2K fl00 1,800 so we all lost
you all lost I was speaking Canadian all
right that's fine the next one's coming
here we go guys this is the same seller
rare find $1,000 does this at least
include the monitor keyboard mouse desk
and rent for this room so this is the
same seller what's the difference wait
this is the same computer no it's not
it's rainbow now no it's really similar
it's very similar this is his basic
model so this seller does like teers of
PCS they have tear do they have the tear
of anyone who buys from them yes a 550 W
power supply also this picture is
clearly misleading that is not an RTX
3050 so basically slimy scammer and this
thing is worth like 1100 USD $900
902 no one else even said a number
94 oh my God you're all over
anyway wow there's about 800 bucks worth
of parts in there okay I guess 900 with
Windows Windows 11 yeah so we're not
over you're pretty much right on I guess
so what is it then 900 so we were all
over by two
three so this is just his uh presence on
Etsy there he has a bunch of machines to
see Sweet Spot sweat spot actually sweat
spot did you notice that those last
three are all the same price though I
did I think it's just a clever sales
tactic I think that anyone wanting to
buy a baller machine is going to sort by
highest price they're going to come
across this they're going to be like
okay these machines look great what can
you do on price and then he might give
them a real price one of those is an i5
yeah I think this is just the highest
price that Etsy supports or something
like that I was just going to say not a
single one of the pictures is accurate I
think it's just to get people to look at
it high low call it a a slimy scan
Hammer cuz I don't like that kind of
stuff I'm actually planning a ranton w
show for this very day talking about
Facebook Marketplace pricing being free
or a dollar or whatever and that not
being what is actually the case I really
don't like that just tell me how much
the thing costs and tell me that it's
less than
$1,200 for an old Lenovo workstation 64
gigs of RAM ooh Quadro M series damn
getting a uh one TB hard drive in your
1,250 USD do computer that's pretty
rough 525 I was going to say 5 you
wouldn't have been able to find this
stuff new so you found all the used used
prices for this the SSD is not worth
anything hard drivve is like 10 bucks
I'm just worried about that Quadro
Quadro and the ram I think it's going to
be the motherboard any piece Quadro is
worth more than 20 bucks so what did you
say make your own guess we should start
writing them down damn it yeah why am I
telling them what I'm
guessing H I think we should have a time
limit on this too I don't have a
marker all
right why would you go minus one we get
this for 560 bucks ow point for lus I
think this is just silly person they see
Quadro and Zeon and they like think it's
worth something
15,000 3050 holy crap we all know it's a
scammer already look at that Ram oh my
God they don't even have their RAM
installed correctly dude it's America
red white and blue
that was not my point also their CPU
Cooler looks like it has the fan on
backwards fourth generation I5 oh it
comes with the monitor that helps and
the keyboard that monitor is curved baby
I just don't want it yeah I'm way under
whatever 747 what I well the panels
didn't look like they were on that
good you could build this for about
$750 oh I
was let's go I think my issue is I just
wouldn't like I I don't want any of this
oh it's obviously a scam well the EVGA
750 watt like that's probably worth 90
bucks like you got to watch out for
stuff like that selling pc800 if you
butt before March 7th wait the price
goes up that's not how computers work
it's like a Kickstarter campaign it's
it's Apple that adds a grand I always
wonder about stuff like this you have
almost nothing on your desk so that
means whatever's on your desk has a high
level of intent do you need us to see
you have a lighter that would
immediately make me not buy it by the
way because I would assume they smoke at
their desk and you can get that like
that like yeah it's very hard to clean
out a computer no storage 64 gigs of RAM
W did I snipe Elijah again I'm low Luke
wins
$600 dang
it open boxed buy it now for aund this
is just a troll is this even a real
computer it looks like it was made in a
video oh it's Roblox the Roblox logo is
in the top
left okay dude what of the users
submitted this to us oh it's got all the
specs see if you're gonna completely
make up specs and pull them out of your
ass why do you make up a 3600 why do you
also say like 16 gigs of RAM and then
you say 32 gigs of RAM I'm so confused
what we're supposed to guess a price for
this we're not guessing the you're just
messing gaming PC $800 Callis spel this
thing is beautiful whoa a Maximus r
oh wow this is really old does not come
with the monitor mouse keyboard it do
not come oh
do make your guesses I'm making mine the
dust is free so don't calculate that in
$2.99 am I guessing High Again Luke bang
on 400 bucks wow dang it how is this
worth $400 though the motherboard like a
motherboard from that era is worth like
30 bucks on eBay the best I could find
was 130 bucks for that motherboard okay
there's your discrepancy right there
that's not worth cp's 50 bucks he said
this whole time just a gosh darn he said
this whole time it's based on what he's
been able to find based on what I can
find on
eBay hold on a second what is this
Maximus nine oh Dad's mad
again people are still buying these for
$100 get a new computer the fact that
it's Rog does not make it worth that I'm
trying to figure out like what games
could this play that you couldn't on a
modern system nothing I'm a adjusting my
strats then cuz I've been like what
would I pay for it drop to 2K not
budget everything in this piece top of
the line from case to Parts what what
else is there including mobile nor do I
play games intense enough to truly
stress this system never overclocked
never needed to getting rid of this
because gaming has become a hindrance to
my success in life his girlfriend was
like get rid of the computer I love how
it's topof the line Parts including mobo
and then under mobo he says I don't know
I'd have to unplug things to see what it
is it's a full gaming mobo by tough and
MSI no tough is usually associated with
a Seuss wait did we decide if this guy
was a scammer the last couple we have
skipped on that I don't think either of
these guys are scammers I think they're
reasonable I don't think this guy's a
scammer either I think they're just an
idiot I don't know we'd have to unug to
be able to
tell oh smile wow all right you're all
over oh wao really all of us we can
build this for about 1,200 bucks really
wow okay did you include Windows 1,300
bucks I don't think he lists windows I
mean that's fair that's a tough one by
MSI I say that you beat me to it
$2,900 700 x3d deep cool liquid cooling
with RGB fans did some light gaming on
it planning to sell due to personal
reasons girlfriend again it's impairing
his success in life seller rated at uh
2.9 Stars he's no man you can trust I
mean based on this pricing that checks
out 4070 super my brain at first was
like is this a hard drive no it sounds
like a SATA SSD all right I'm ready you
ready hold on hold on I got to write I
got to write oh man wow hurry up lus all
right what do you got
1,800 who where did you go Luke your
bang on the money 1,500 bucks what is
wrong with you guys what the heck he
it's got RGB fans in it why do you think
it was $1,800 us us are you guys doing
us I'm doing Canadian no okay that makes
sense that's my excuse did you include
Windows he doesn't say windows oh you
know what it's so cheap because that
drive is so
slow okay so now we're in Spain what the
hell is odori so this is a new seller
selling on Facebook Marketplace for 100
bucks less than their than they retail
so if you go to the next slide new
computer this is their website same
system so they don't want you to go to
their own website apparently not warning
comes with Windows 11
home and a disappointing amount of
storage are PC components more expensive
in Spain it doesn't matter Park price it
for North America all
right oh we're all pretty close pretty
close on this one I think I'm too high
Elijah you're pretty much run the money
right now 1,000 it's 1,000 1,000 only
1,000 oh I was going to do $9.99 prices
right rules you're over but you know
well we'll give it to me no no that's
not a point still in Spain here pcgb
Corsair 32 gigs to Ram i7 to 12th gener
CPU is a 12700 K is for gaming yes or KF
sorry yes 3060 listed N9 weeks ago so
things are going
great you're flying off the shelves
guys okay we're all getting we're more
reasonable uh Luke you got the win yeah
come on that 1060 1060 how that seems
ridiculous scammer or silly I don't want
to complain too much cuz I won the round
so I kind of want us to not look into it
they're a scammer they know what they
paid for this it's a 3060 in there yeah
whoa budy that looks sick it looks sick
this is well beyond the ability of most
buyers are we factoring in the build
cost at all or is it just component just
component so but we are factoring in
like water blocks and Hardline tub see
that's not how it works though a water
cooled old card is worth less than an
aircooled old card because no one wants
to integrate it with that said it's
already in a system but I would say it
probably comes out as a wash whereas if
we actually go try to find pricing for
this stupid block on eBay it's going to
be like 80 bucks or something they got
addin Ram cooling they're not water
blocks they're just like passive heat
sinks on the ram this is going to be
nice aough one I've decided that I'm
just going to price Things based on what
I think they're worth
whoa Elijah I think you've got it here
no NOP it goes to line is cuz he's
lower 2186 21 a buddy's obviously
knowledgeable enough to know what things
are worth but I think that they are
assigning a lot of value to the labor
they clearly buil this themselves and I
think that that's maybe not right but I
don't think it's a scam I think they
just think that the work they put into
it is worth something and just doesn't
work that way moving to La FR I don't
speak French a gaming PC with an
exceptional value proposition at 2,500
it has the powerful RTX 47d 12 gig from
Asus it offers performance in games
unequaled guaranteed to give you an
immersive experience in ultra high
quality the processor in Ram assures
optimal uh responsiveness
allowing something de fees virtuels
virtual something I don't know sled that
oh whatever I liked the lest translation
experience my translation pretty good
they're pricing it at
$2700 you got this Elijah you can still
come back yeah can you get stuff right
that would help me a lot I would
appreciate are we on a team yeah oh we
are oh okay well he's not going to share
the victory with you he just doesn't
want me to win
yeah I'm ready I made lots of
assumptions this time I don't know what
any of of them were or how they affected
anything all
right who wow that's a pretty good
spread yeah uh winner is going to be
Luke at 1100 oh oo really did you count
for the power
supply it has to run a 4070 Jordan yep I
love the moment lonus wins he's like
cool next one the second anyone else
wins he's like did you take into
account W so this one I want to price
without the water cooler cuz I wasn't
able to price that out this is super
cool it's very cool $4,400 yeah is it
$4,400 cool okay okay okay okay a ton of
this is because it's like artistic
though so like just worry about the core
components so no cooling we're not
assuming any price on the woodwork or
anything like that this guy filthy
scammer oh yeah fil yeah yeah this is
super cool too bad he filled the loop
with
C what everyone was thinking it I think
we're going to have to have a float
plane exclusive for this one lg. g/
playe for the uh dirty version yeah yeah
the raw version yeah to get off of that
topic I'm highly insulted that this
system comes with a 250 gig SSD I know
it also comes with another one but still
yeah I got to say none of that is very
good sounding it also has an
8700k well they probably built this a
long time ago and then upgraded the GP
and then now that's not going to fly
anymore so they're like okay screw it go
uh without the water cooling this is
about 550 bucks what what 550 380 TI 32
gigs of ddr4 1,000 W power supply yeah
come on Jordan see now you see what I'm
talking about here anytime Luke's right
he's all like yeah seems good and then
anytime he's all he's all like oh did
you consider I missed the GPU I
apologize you missed the the GP so it's
500 bucks without the GPU the GPU how
much is uh 380 TI okay I'm getting I got
it then 600ish no you'd be over cuz if
it was 500 without it you guess $9.99
which means I would have it cuz I guess
$1.99 550 plus the GPU so 11,00 it's a
pretty old platform how much did you
guess I guess $199 it might be him
either way it's not lonus no no yeah
he's way too high now this looks like
Brazil but it's actually South Africa
wait so this is just a GPU just the GPU
for
$800 yeah I'm looking for used eBay
pricing here wow that might be before
Elijah was born even L is writing a lot
right now yeah he wrote a lot of things
oh you still
oh come on Luke I'm done I'm done I'm
done I'm done I'm done I'm done three
two
go you're oh wow we're tied we're all
high all high liners he's high yeah it's
30 bucks on eBay wao I thought 89 just
cuz like people were just going to be
out to lunch yeah like that's kind of
what I fig 780 Ti don't have driver
support anymore and stuff the market for
this stuff crashed a little while back
what the hell is this that's so many fan
Ultra 4K gaming PC that video card looks
so lonely this is like one person living
in a 20,000 ft Mansion I'm so mad about
like everything this is so annoying
that's a 490 and it still looks
comically small look how much intake
they have the cable management is
atrocious are we drawing or are we
actually done I'm drawing I'm ready I'm
drawing let's go
flip 2800 28 okay I'm way oh I went way
freaking High I saw the fans there's 12
RGB fans in there yeah Elijah you're
closest SP you're over the lus gets it
what is it I got a
3320 3320 oh how much are used 490s
about two grand yeah two grand he's
probably not a scammer it's just a bad
build and yeah last one what is
happening all the things are happening
there are rainbows 5500 bucks does he
have a screen on the inside of his
computer is that factor I'm assuming no
I I didn't calculate that in yeah okay
serious queries only are you guys even
serious uh the mouse is not
included a that's a deal breaker for me
all right you guys ready all right
go oh lonus is
closest but is he over no just about
four grand it's not a cheap case the
fans are expensive there's nicer stuff
overall the stupid little RGB strip
thing is expensive yeah those are like
100 bucks oh what they're ridiculous no
way that's like 70 on eBay the little
screen is pretty cheap that's not a big
deal but okay what was the final tally I
believe lonus Has It by like one what no
there's no way Luke won I think the
viewer won you know who really won our
spons our
sponsor paper like while we all have our
own way of taking notes be that in a
business meeting or during class I think
we can all admit that a traditional pen
and paper approach just feels uniquely
different but achieving the same feeling
on your trustworthy iPad can be
difficult enter paperlike paperlike 2 .1
is manufactured in Switzerland and is
designed to help you write and draw on
your iPad just like how you would on
paper it uses their proprietary micro
bead technology called Nano dots to
emulate the stroke resistance of paper
without sacrificing screen Clarity and
paper light is so confident in their
screen protector they offer a 100 day
satisfaction guarantee protect your new
iPad with a screen protector from
paperlike using the link below I've said
it before I'll say it again there are
some fantastic deals available on
secondhand marketplaces
we didn't see any of them today but they
are out there and anyone can take
advantage if they're willing to do a
little bit of research it can be a
simple as punching part numbers into
eBay and looking at the prices that come
up or maybe just Googling to see who was
president when that CPU was made if none
of that floats your boat though maybe
you'd rather check out the links to uh
maybe we'll just have like a couple
decent rigs Linked In the video sure
yeah people can put bows together if
they want